Group call added and update data center for Blueshift (#514)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: destinations/marketing/blueshift.mdx

For more information on obtaining the Event and Users API Key, refer to the <a href="#faq">FAQ</a> section below.
</div>

- **Data Center**: Select the data center where you want to send the data:

>   -  Standard (Default): The base URL is https://api.getblueshift.com 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  **Standard** (default): The base URL is https://api.getblueshift.com 
```

>   -  EU: The base URL is https://api.eu.getblueshift.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  **EU**: The base URL is https://api.eu.getblueshift.com
```

  name: "Alex Keener",
  email: "alex@example.com",
  userId: "1hKOmRA4el9Zt1WSfVJIVo4GRlm",
  phone: "+1-202-555-0146",
});
```

### Supported mappings

The following table details the mapping between RudderStack and Blueshift fields:

| RudderStack field | Blueshift field | Presence |
| :-----| :--------| :-------------|
| `groupId` | `group_id` | Required |
| `userId` | `customer_id` | Required |
| `email`  | `email` | Optional|
| `context.device.type` | `device_type` | Optional|
| `context.device.token` | `device_token` | Optional|
| `context.device.id` | `device_id` | Optional|
| `context.idfa`/`context.device.advertisingId` | `device_idfa` | Optional|
| `context.idfv`/`context.device.id` | `device_idfv` | Optional|
| `context.device.manufacturer` | `device_manufacturer` | Optional|
| `context.os.name` | `os_name` | Optional|
| `context.network.carrier` | `network_carrier` | Optional|
| `context.ip`, `request_ip` | `ip` | Optional|
| `context.address.latitude`, `context.location.latitude` | `latitude` | Optional|
| `context.address.longitude`, `context.location.longitude` | `longitude` | Optional|
| `messageId` | `event_uuid` | Optional|

> 

Reviewer 2: We should add info for custom attributes as well. cc @sauravlal-rudderstack

Reviewer 3: Users can add custom attributes, i.e.users can pass more information like cookie. It is directly mapped in Blueshift.

Author: @akashrpo @sauravlal-rudderstack  Does this require any changes in the doc?

Reviewer 3: No, I think, we can add as a note, that users can add more information as custom attributes. CC @akashrpo

Reviewer 2: @ishachopra0401 We need to add custom attribute info in the docs for group call

Author: done

Blueshift supports receiving custom attributes about your site's customers. For more information on these attributes, refer to the <a href ="https://developer.blueshift.com/docs/customer-related-data#attributes">Blueshift Custom Attributes</a>.
</div>

## Group

> The `group` call lets you associate a user with a group. For each `group` call, the `event` API is triggered and an `identify` event is sent with the `groupId`. It then creates a group and adds that user to the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `group` call lets you associate a user with a group. For each `group` call, RudderStack triggers Blueshift's `event` API and sends an `identify` event along with the `groupId`. Blueshift then creates a group and adds the user to it.
```

Reviewer: Can we also add the link to the `event` API?
